I want you to create a game for me. I'm thinking, like, something like an adventure game, where it has parts from lots of games, and it's like a side view, and there's a little character, and it's like going along, like, a track, or like a course, not a track, it's going on like... It's like Temple Run, but from side view, and there's lots of, like, swimming from vines to the next vines, and you, like, can also slide down, like, ramps, and you, like, press the down arrow to do that, and then there's things you can bounce off of, and there's, like, spikes. You love it, you have to jump over, and then, at one point, you hop in a car, because maybe this is, like, a jungle escape game, where you're a robber escaping the police, and I want it to have really good graphics for everything, and then, like, once you've done all that, then you hop in the car, and maybe there's a bit of, like, draw wheels action, or just racing, and it, like, switches views to, like, a car, and, like, so that you're behind the car, it, like, completely switches views. That's level two. Like, the game pauses and goes, you've reached level two, and then you get in the car, and you... yeah, if you get filled, like, full of spikes or something, then you get caught by the police, and on level two, you're driving in a car, and it switches to a behind view, and you've reached the city, and then you're... It's like a racing game, and you have to go through all these cars, and, like, you can maybe jump up ramps on the backs of trucks, and then, after a while of that, you reach level three, and the game pauses and tells you that, which is... Then it shows a little graphic where the character grabs some gold, and then you have to hop in a helicopter, and that's actually when level three starts, and then it switches back to a side view, and it's a flying game, where... Um, where it's, like, now a flying game, and I want you to research cool flying games that I can be after, and then, once you get far enough in that level and beat it, you arrive to a lush island, little island in the sea, if you went fast enough and escaped the police, and... It says, you won, game over, and I want, every time you play the game, though, for it to be, like, a different course, kind of randomly generated, and for, if you're going too slow, for you to, like, see the police catching up to you, and, like, there's sirens and stuff. 